# SwarmRobotics-MATLAB
# Objectives
1. The first task is to create the Matlab code to generate the map as shown in the figure 'BasicCyclic2d_4.jpg' given below.
2. The second task is to use the initial location of agents given against your roll No. in the table 'AgentLocationTable.pdf' given below and generate the consensus map along with other features e.g. formation radius and its centre, orbital time period, linear velocity. Also, generate the time solution for linear velocity of agents.
3. The next task is to create the homogeneous solution for your problem with the value of relative weightage parameter in the file 'RelativeWeightTable.pdf' given below. Further, enhance the homogeneous solution with the particular solution corresponding to the way-point location in the file 'WayPointLocationtable.pdf', given below. In both these cases, also give the summary of the consensus map and the resultant plot, as per the format given in the sample solution in L11 and L12_PartB. 
4. This task involves using multiple way-points to set up the swarming solution. You are to use 4 way-points located at the vertices of a quadrilateral assigned to you through the table 'MultipleWayPointsLocationTable.pdf'. Use this table to set up the formulation and solution and generate the plot similar to the one as per the format given in the sample solution in L13_PartA. Upload the consensus map generated by you along with the revised matlab code.
5. The last task is to employ the centroid of the way-points allocated to you as the average single way-point and design the consensus map so that its radius is same as the radius of the circum-circle of way-points. Further, choose the maximum possible value of the relative weightage parameter and determine the gap between the two centroids. Do you think this error is acceptable for boundary surveillance task? The deadline to submit the solution and the updated matlab code is Tuesday 26th Jan 2021.
